import and show files recorded with old C++ OmnAI project (#39)
AI-Gruppe/OmnAIView: CHANGELOG.md

- Add Icon (#19)
- Adding compodoc (#23)
- Adding changelog information to the Contribution.md (#41)

> - Added an option to allow csv files, saved with the old OmnAIView to be viewed (#39)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add import for csv-files (#39)
Formatting needs to be similar to the dataformat of the old OmnAIView data exports. For more infos, see comments in code.
```
